Both EBS and S3 have limits that you might actually hit a little bit more
than some of the other services is that you've seen. With EBS I've already
mentioned the limits around attaching and detaching,
but I'll reiterate them here.
An instance must be stopped in order to detach a root volume. If the
volume isn't a root volume, then it can be detached at any time
without the instance having to be stopped.
An EBS volume can be attached to a running instance at any time as
long as it does not have an AWS marketplace product code. If that
exists, then the attaching instance must be stopped. One limit that I
haven't mentioned is that EBS volumes can only be attached to
instances in the same region.
Attaching volumes across availability zones is okay,
but you can't migrate or attach a volume across regions. With S3
there's a soft limit on the number of buckets allowed,
and it's set to 100 at default. Within a bucket, there's no limit to the
number of objects assigned from the size of your wallet.
As mentioned before, bucket names must be globally unique,
not just unique in your account,
and that's most of the limits you may hit in your daily usage with either service.